The next thing we would want to discuss the differences between C++ and Java.
The main difference between C++ and Java is the fact that Java is platform independent.
You can write your job programs on any operating system and take the compiled code and run it on any
operating system.
That's not the case with C++ because most of the motions of C++ when you'd run when you compile the
code all that you would get is the object called C++ is not really platform independent but Java and
C++ are not really pure object oriented programming languages in the sense that Gelhaus primitives.
So it's not like Arley primitives are not really objects so it's not really object oriented and in C++
you can write structural programs and you can write C programs.
Basically you don't need to really use objects to write such programs.
So both of these are not really pure.
But in terms of purity I mean if you measure it let's say 80 percent purity 90 percent purity.
In that kind of percent.
Java is more object oriented than C++ because Java does not love structural programming like C++ does.
The other main difference is the fact that C++ Hasparren this and Baarn does provide you a way to access
what are the use which are present in memory and which could be a security problem in certain situations.
Java has no concept called pointers on the same client in C++.
You have to allocate memory so the programmer is responsible for allocating memory deallocating memory
and things like that in Java.
No such thing.
Or do you need to say new object and that's it.
When the object goes out of scope the garbage collection kicks in and it would take the object out of
memory.
The other important difference is that C++ supports multiple inheritance so you can extend to different
classes from the same class.
However Jowers does not.